Subscription Terms
1. PURCHASES AND AUTOMATICALLY RENEWING SUBSCRIPTIONS
You will have the opportunity to purchase products and services from Ringle. If you purchase a subscription, it will automatically renew—and you will be charged—until you cancel.
Ringle may offer products and services for purchase through iTunes, Google Play or other external services authorized by Ringle (each, an “External Service,” and any purchases made thereon, an “External Service Purchase”). Ringle may also offer products and services for purchase via credit card or other payment processors on the Website or inside the App (“Internal Purchases”). If you purchase a subscription, it will automatically renew until you cancel, in accordance with the terms disclosed to you at the time of purchase, as further described below. If you cancel your subscription, you will continue to have access to your subscription benefits until the end of your subscription period, at which point it will expire.
Because our Services may be utilized without a subscription, canceling your subscription does not remove your profile from our Services. If you wish to fully terminate your membership, you must terminate your membership as set forth in Section 9.
Ringle operates a global business, and our pricing varies by a number of factors. We frequently offer promotional rates - which can vary based on region, length of subscription, bundle size and more. We also regularly test new features and payment options.
1a. EXTERNAL SERVICE PURCHASES AND SUBSCRIPTIONS
External Service Purchases, including subscriptions, may be processed through the External Service, in which case those purchases must be managed through your External Service Account. Subscriptions automatically renew until you cancel.
When making a purchase on the Service, you may have the option to pay through an External Service, such as with your Apple ID or Google Play account (“your External Service Account”), and your External Service Account will be charged for the purchase in accordance with the terms disclosed to you at the time of purchase and the general terms applicable to your External Service Account. Some External Services may charge you sales tax, depending on where you live, which may change from time to time.
If your External Service Purchase includes an automatically renewing subscription, your External Service Account will continue to be periodically charged for the subscription until you cancel. After your initial subscription commitment period, and again after any subsequent subscription period, the subscription will automatically continue for the price and time period you agreed to when subscribing.
To cancel a subscription: If you do not want your subscription to renew automatically, or if you want to change or terminate your subscription, you must log in to your External Service Account and follow instructions to manage or cancel your subscription, even if you have otherwise deleted your account with us or if you have deleted the App from your device. For example, if you subscribed using your Apple ID, cancellation is handled by Apple, not Ringle. To cancel a purchase made with your Apple ID, go to Settings > iTunes & App Stores > [click on your Apple ID] > View Apple ID > Subscriptions, then find your Ringle subscription and follow the instructions to cancel. You can also request assistance at https://getsupport.apple.com. Similarly, if you subscribed on Google Play, cancellation is handled by Google. To cancel a purchase made through Google Play, launch the Google Play app on your mobile device and go to Menu > My Apps > Subscriptions, then find your Ringle subscription and follow the instructions to cancel. You can also request assistance at https://play.google.com. If you cancel a subscription, you may continue to use the cancelled service until the end of your then-current subscription term. The subscription will not be renewed when your then-current term expires.
If you initiate a chargeback or otherwise reverse a payment made with your External Service Account, Ringle may terminate your account immediately in its sole discretion, on the basis that you have determined that you do not want a Ringle subscription. In the event that your chargeback or other payment reversal is overturned. Ringle will retain all funds charged to your External Service Account until you cancel your subscription through your External Service Account. Certain users may be entitled to request a refund. See Section 8d below for more information.
2b. INTERNAL PURCHASES AND SUBSCRIPTIONS
Internal Purchases, including subscriptions, are processed using the Payment Method you provide on the Website or App. Subscriptions automatically renew until you cancel.
If you make an Internal Purchase, you agree to pay the prices displayed to you for the Services you’ve selected as well as any sales or similar taxes that may be imposed on your payments (and as may change from time to time), and you authorize Ringle to charge the payment method you provide (your “Payment Method”). Ringle may correct any billing errors or mistakes even if we have already requested or received payment. If you initiate a chargeback or otherwise reverse a payment made with your Payment Method, Ringle may terminate your account immediately in its sole discretion, on the basis that you have determined that you do not want a Ringle subscription. In the event that your chargeback or other payment reversal is overturned, please contact Customer Care.
If your Internal Purchase includes an automatically renewing subscription, your Payment Method will continue to be periodically charged for the subscription until you cancel. After your initial subscription commitment period, and again after any subsequent subscription period, your subscription will automatically continue for the price and time period you agreed to when subscribing, until you cancel.
To cancel a subscription, you can (1) log in to the Website or App and go to the Settings page, and then click on “Subscriptions”, and follow the instructions to downgrade; or (2) open the Android App and go to the Settings page, then click on Purchases and follow the instructions to downgrade. If you cancel a subscription, you may continue to use the cancelled service until the end of your then-current subscription term. The subscription will not be renewed when your then-current term expires.
You may edit your Payment Method information by using the Settings tool. If a payment is not successfully processed, due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, you remain responsible for any uncollected amounts and authorize us to continue billing the Payment Method, as it may be updated. This may result in a change to your payment billing dates.
In addition, you authorize us to obtain updated or replacement expiration dates and card numbers for your credit or debit card as provided by your credit or debit card issuer. The terms of your payment will be based on your Payment Method and may be determined by agreements between you and the financial institution, credit card issuer, or other provider of your chosen Payment Method. Certain users may be entitled to request a refund. See Section 8d below for more information.
1c. VIRTUAL ITEMS
Virtual items are non-refundable and subject to certain conditions.
From time to time, you may have the opportunity to purchase a limited, personal, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to use or access special limited-use features such as “Boost” (“Virtual Item(s)”) from Ringle. You may only purchase Virtual Items from us or our authorized partners through our Services. Virtual Items represent a limited license right governed by this Agreement, and, except as otherwise prohibited by applicable law, no title or ownership in or to Virtual Items is being transferred or assigned to you. This Agreement should not be construed as a sale of any rights in Virtual Items.
Any Virtual Item balance shown in your account does not constitute a real-world balance or reflect any stored value, but instead constitutes a measurement of the extent of your license. Virtual Items do not incur fees for non-use; however, the license granted to you in Virtual Items will terminate in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, on the earlier of when Ringle ceases providing our Services, or your account is otherwise closed or terminated.
Ringle, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to charge fees for the right to access or use Virtual Items and/or may distribute Virtual Items with or without charge. Ringle may manage, regulate, control, modify, or eliminate Virtual Items at any time, including taking actions that may impact the perceived value or purchase price, if applicable, of any Virtual Items. Ringle shall have no liability to you or any third party in the event that Ringle exercises any such rights. The transfer of Virtual Items is prohibited, and you shall not sell, redeem, or otherwise transfer Virtual Items to any person or entity. Virtual Items may only be redeemed through our Services.
ALL PURCHASES AND REDEMPTIONS OF VIRTUAL ITEMS MADE THROUGH OUR SERVICES ARE FINAL AND NON-REFUNDABLE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT Ringle IS NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE A REFUND FOR ANY REASON, AND THAT YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE MONEY OR OTHER COMPENSATION FOR UNUSED VIRTUAL ITEMS WHEN AN ACCOUNT IS CLOSED, WHETHER SUCH CLOSURE WAS VOLUNTARY OR INVOLUNTARY.
1d. REFUNDS
Generally, all purchases are nonrefundable. Special terms apply in Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Illinois, Iowa, Minnesota, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Rhode Island, Wisconsin, and the EU, EEA, UK, and Switzerland.
Generally, all purchases are final and nonrefundable, and there are no refunds or credits for partially used periods, except if the laws applicable in your jurisdiction provide for refunds.
For subscribers residing in the EU, EEA, UK, and Switzerland:
In accordance with local law, you are entitled to a full refund during the 14 days after the subscription begins. Please note that this 14-day period commences when the subscription starts.
For subscribers residing in Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Illinois, Iowa, Minnesota, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Rhode Island, and Wisconsin:
Your Right to Cancel—You may cancel your subscription, without penalty or obligation, at any time prior to midnight of the third business day following the date you subscribed. In the event that you die before the end of your subscription period, your estate shall be entitled to a refund of that portion of any payment you had made for your subscription which is allocable to the period after your death. In the event that you become disabled (such that you are unable to use our Services) before the end of your subscription period, you shall be entitled to a refund of that portion of any payment you had made for your subscription which is allocable to the period after your disability by providing the Company notice in the same manner as you request a refund as described below.
Purchases of Virtual Items are FINAL AND NON-REFUNDABLE.
If any of the above apply to you and you subscribed using your Apple ID, your refund requests are handled by Apple, not Ringle. To request a refund, please contact your External Service directly; for example using your Apple device, go to Settings > iTunes & App Stores > [click on your Apple ID] > View Apple ID > Purchase History. Find the transaction and select “Report a Problem.” You can also request a refund at https://getsupport.apple.com. For any other purchase, please contact Ringle Customer Service with your order number (see your confirmation email) by mailing or delivering a signed and dated notice which states that you, the buyer, are canceling this Agreement, or words of similar effect. Please also include the email address or telephone number associated with your account along with your order number. This notice shall be sent to: Ringle, support@ringledating.com
2. ACCOUNT TERMINATION
If you no longer wish to use our Services, or if we terminate your account for any reason, here’s what you need to know.
You can delete your account at any time by logging into the Website or App, going to “Settings”, and following the instructions to disable or delete your account. However, you will need to cancel / manage any External Service Purchases through your External Service Account (e.g., iTunes, Google Play) to avoid additional billing.
Ringle reserves the right to investigate and, if appropriate, suspend or terminate your account without a refund if רינגל Ringle believes that you have violated these Terms, misused our Services, or behaved in a way that Ringle regards as inappropriate or unlawful, on or off our Services. We reserve the right to make use of any personal, technological, legal, or other means available to enforce the Terms, at any time without liability and without the obligation to give you prior notice, including, but not limited to, preventing you from accessing the Services.
If your account is terminated by you or by Ringle for any reason, these Terms continue and remain enforceable between you and Ringle, and you will not be entitled to any refund for purchases made. Your information will be maintained and deleted in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
